Where's the bank card I put on the pillow? Take it out
I didn't steal it. Why did you lose your money? Find me.
Are you still stubborn?
When you were a child, you stole from your uncle's house
When you grow up, you steal at school
Now you've come home to steal again
You are not who are you?
I see you.
You've been a fantasy since you were a kid
In summer, I know that your hands and feet are usually not clean.
But I didn't expect you to even delay the class pay.
I didn't steal the teacher's money
i
I really don't know why it's in my desk
summer
You steal
You stole it all into school
He is also a person who can even kill his own uncle
Your angel board is exactly using the day seed
I didn't steal the money
I didn't even investigate, why did you wrong me?
Are you still quibbling?
Then you say
Why should others go safely and freely?
I wronged you.
Summer should have known you were like this now
I strangled you every day
You see
Hum, show me.
Where did you hold it?
Where are you?
Call out
Hey quiet
What are you doing?
Isn't it enough that you humiliate our family?
Lao Xia, what are you doing?
You let him fight
The police will come and take you away
It just so happens that I can ask the police
What is the crime of entering someone else's house in the toilet?
Okay, okay, calm down too
It's not a glorious thing either
Please bear with me.
Isn't he gone yet?
When will the person who can be found by money be the head?
Why don't you all come in when I'm dead?
Anyway
I'm dying.
At that time
We'll clear
Okay, I'll show you.
What do you see on this?
How much did we spend from childhood to adulthood?
400,000?
You pay back the money
Otherwise you're dead and you still owe us
Take a look at you